 Richard, since you chose to defend yourself and fire the public defender, I guess it's your turn to question the witness. Thank you, Your Majesty. And Richard, before you begin, I'd like to say that I think this is a bad idea. However, you do have a right to defend yourself, so proceed, but please remember to watch your language. Look, I can't speak with a swear word. And I've only got my grade 10. And I haven't had a cigarette that has been arrested. I'm ready to fucking snap. So I'd like to make a request on other people's freedom of choices and voices act that I'd be able to smoke and swear in your courtroom. Because if I can't smoke and swear, I'm fucked. So are all these guys. I won't be able to properly express myself at a court level. And that's bullshit. It's not fair. And if you ask me, I think it's a fucking mistrial. That man can't represent anyone. You're on it. He's a complete and total idiot. Yeah, well, though I am opposed to that kind of language in my courtroom, I'm going to allow it. As unfortunately, it is part of your right to a fair trial. So you may proceed, but please I want to remind you that this is not a carnival. Richard, you have permission to smoke and swear. Thank you. I'm just going to get some cigarettes, actually. Let's go smokes. But I only got to left. I don't care. You've been a dick all morning. At least you can do for me. Oh, God. Just the defendant, please. My first order of business is to tell the prosecutor shut the fuck up and wipe that stupid fucking grin office face because it's to straggulate in my case. Next, I'd like to announce that Randy and Leahy have been drinking all fucking day. They're wasted or they're fucking minds. And they're both assholes. And the testimony they just gave was total fucking bullshit. And I can prove it. And I'm going to show you what really fucking happened here. Hey, boys, you're $20 cash. No, what? For him, please. Don't know what that's for. Probably prostitutes. We don't want your money, Cory and Trevor. Watch him put the right in his pocket right there. What's going on? He doesn't know. Oh, man, we're sick from stealing so much gas. But we should be better like six to eight days. Stealing gas? Well, Cory and Trevor, that's highly illegal. You shouldn't be stealing gas, Cory and Trevor. That's right. It's fucked up to be stealing gas like Cory and Trevor did. You know, I don't want to say to do a Cory and Trevor's gas dealer. We want nothing to do with it. We neither. You know what I'm saying? Only whack suckers like Cory and Trevor steal gas and deal dope. But that was... All right. See you later, ready? No, I don't want to say anything about the dope dealings because, you know, I don't know anything about that. But clearly, they accepted money on film. And they admitted they stole gas and they're sick. I mean, look at them. That's gas sickness. Fucking idiots. I got nothing else to say right now. Except that the crown, Leahy, can go fuck themselves. You're not buying any of this bullshit, are you? Sit down, please, sir. You'll be in contempt of court and watch your language. Yeah, Leahy, sit the fuck down. Truth fucking hurts. Doesn't need son of a bitch. You'll be subbed, they'll be Ricky. Okay. Whatever. Defense rests. Everybody can fuck off. Except you. I don't mean you. Thanks, you're Richard. You may be seated. You guys get the fuck out of the way, please.